[DOCS-15223] Document automatic labels on Timeseries widget (#38646)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/widgets/timeseries.md

| Style     | Solid, dashed, or dotted |
| Stroke    | Normal, thin, or thick   |

### Automatic labels

> Line graphs display labels on notable data points, such as peaks and troughs, so you can read key values without hovering over the graph. Automatic labels are on by default. To turn them off, toggle {{< ui >}}Show labels{{< /ui >}} in the graph editor.

Author: ```suggestion
Line graphs display labels on notable datapoints, such as peaks and troughs, so you can read key values without hovering over the graph. Automatic labels are on by default. To turn them off, toggle {{< ui >}}Show labels{{< /ui >}} in the graph editor.
```
